I'm going to have a problem with the minimum price limit
First
400 grams of 5% saline and 8% saline are mixed to 61.8%
I want to make a saline solution
Is it enough to get 49 grams of 8% saline?
Let's revise and arrange after the board of directors
400 grams of 5% saline solution
And 8% saline solution is the first
Next time
6.8%
I made a saline solution
Should I mix 8% saline solution # 4?
In that
Please keep x
I am 46% at 8%
in x
I have closed a school x
next
400 grams of saline solution ex brand is the same as saline solution
The saline solution can be
I have received 4200 + x
This was the first threat
In the problem of saline solution
I'm looking for a 400 million yen cool by Fukuma
The amount of salt contained in 400 grams of 5% saline is 4200
Gram * 1100 minutes
Furthermore, the amount of salt contained in the 8% saline ex gram is xbrand * 1100
Divided
And the amount of food contained in 6.8% 500400 + x grams is 400
The country for the plus 26 grams is already 6.8.
I think it would be nice
The amount of this salt and the amount of this salt are larger
Equal to the staff in the whole
That's why we can do public funding
Let's talk to him
5 parts of 400 * 1100
plus
8/100 recalls
61.8 hundredths
I think this should go ahead 6.8, but I will calculate again later
To do
4200+
Then take a second coat to catch the denominator
Let the United States calculate 4 roles * 51 2000
France 28x recall
Calculate 6.81 * 4200 again
Do you make a difference in eco?
Finished 0-0
270020 It is 2007120
Plus 6.8x
I will marry
8x-6.8x
Nicole
2700 twenty-two thousand yen
This is also the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
I still have a teen and I can take a few points but this is also
Leave at 86.8
Let ext go to the store
It is a tool 720.
Here, the conventional product 4-
Conventional and put in 10 are the power to xe considering balls
There is
Same height
It is a thing that is TEAC
1% saline solution hud gum
Culture first
It will be said that
How did you organize the children's meeting of the assembly
600 grams